Add serverless flare documentation (#19023)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/troubleshooting/_index.md

To better understand the instructions from this guide, familiarize yourself with the [key concepts][1] first. A better understanding on how things work helps you identify the missing pieces and narrow down probable causes.

## Serverless Flare

Serverless flare is a command that collects important data about your Lambda function and submits it to Datadog support for diagnostic purposes. To help troubleshoot issues encountered with Datadog monitoring, use the command: `datadog-ci lambda flare`.

This command collects data such as environment variables, the Lambda configuration file, and recent CloudWatch logs. The command then submits the collected data to Datadog support via a ticket that matches your provided Zendesk case ID.

> For more information, read the [Serverless Flare documentation](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/master/src/commands/lambda/README.md#troubleshooting-serverless-instrumentation).

Author: Same question as above.
'Serverless Flare' or 'serverless flare'?

If you have issues with tracing, set the environment variable `DD_TRACE_DEBUG` to `true` for extra debugging logs from the Datadog Tracer.

To avoid unnecessary costs, disable the debugging logs after you collect enough data.

## Check the AWS integration

Datadog can collect metrics and resource tags from AWS through an [integration with AWS][10] (optional). If you are missing certain metrics from CloudWatch and Lambda resource tags, ensure that the AWS integration is properly configured.

## Ensure the tags are configured

If you have trouble applying the Datadog standard `service`, `env`, and `version` tags to the collected data, make sure the environment variables `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_ENV`, and `DD_VERSION` are configured on your Lambda functions. For custom tags, ensure `DD_TAGS` is configured.

If you want to enrich the data collected with your AWS Lambda resource tags, make sure the [Datadog integration for AWS][10] is properly configured.

> ## Get help with serverless flare

Reviewer: Wdyt?
```suggestion
## Get help with Serverless Flare
```

Author: I agree

For quick questions, post in the _#serverless_ channel of the [Datadog Slack community][11].

> If you have followed all the troubleshooting steps above and want help from [Datadog Support][12], first create a Zendesk ticket. Next, use the `datadog-ci serverless flare` command to automatically collect and submit data about your Lambda function to Datadog Support.

Author: Should we mention that they need to install `datadog-ci` first?

Reviewer: Yes, as someone who is new to Datadog, what even is that command? Where does it come from?
There is no link around where this tool exist, or where to install it.

Reviewer: I think there should be a better way of doing this.
We are approaching the customer with 2 ways, either you do it manually, or you let our tool do it. We prefer the first one so it should be the default.

I would recommend following the approach as done in the installation:
https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/installation/python/?tab=datadogcli

Author: I have updated to follow the approach you recommended ^

## Ensure the tags are configured

If you have trouble applying the Datadog standard `service`, `env`, and `version` tags to the collected data, make sure the environment variables `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_ENV`, and `DD_VERSION` are configured on your Lambda functions. For custom tags, ensure `DD_TAGS` is configured.

If you want to enrich the data collected with your AWS Lambda resource tags, make sure the [Datadog integration for AWS][10] is properly configured.

## Get help with Serverless Flare

For quick questions, post in the _#serverless_ channel of the [Datadog Slack community][11].

If you have followed all the troubleshooting steps above and want help from [Datadog Support][12], use Serverless Flare to send important configuration info to support.

1. Create a [Zendesk ticket](https://help.datadoghq.com/hc/en-us/requests/new)
2. Download the latest version of the [Datadog CLI](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/#how-to-install-the-cli)

    ```sh
    npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    ```

> 3. Use the serverless flare command to automatically collect and submit data about your Lambda function to Datadog Support.

Reviewer: Also, no mention if being ran in project directory?
```suggestion
3. Use the Serverless Flare command to automatically collect and submit data about your Lambda function to Datadog Support.
```

    ```sh

>     datadog-ci lambda flare

Reviewer: Provide a proper full example, this will fail if ran.

    ```

This command will attatch to following info to your Zendesk case:

> 1. Basic information about your Lambda function: ARN, runtime, handler, layers, environment variables, and tags. Focus on one function first if you have the same issue with many.

Reviewer: Straight copy paste. This is meant if users send the data manually. Either you change this to be in its own section of manual data gathering, or you remove it.

> 2. If the Lambda function is configured to send data through logs using the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function, include basic information about the Forwarder Lambda function, as well as the subscription filters configured on your Lambda function's log group.

Reviewer: Under this new context, this is false, since we don't have support for the Forwader yet.

3. The installation method you followed, such as _Serverless Framework_ or _AWS CDK_.

> 4. The alternative installation method you attempted, such as _Datadog CLI_ or _Custom_.

Reviewer: This is also false under this new context.

> 5. Debugging logs from your own Lambda function.

Reviewer: Only if set as `DD_LOG_LEVEL=debug`. Plus we are not stating how to actually get the logs?

> 6. Debugging logs from the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function (if used).

Reviewer: Also false, since we don't support this.

> 7. The project configuration files, with **redacted hardcoded secrets**, such as `serverless.yaml`, `package.json`, `package-lock.json`, `yarn.lock`, `tsconfig.json`, and `webpack.config.json`.

Reviewer: I was thinking more of a `Flare` and `Manual` section, as our installation has `Datadog CLI`, `Serverless Framework`, etc.

Anyhow, to not block, we can move forward with this too.

> 7. The project configuration files, with **redacted hardcoded secrets**, such as `serverless.yaml`, `package.json`, `package-lock.json`, `yarn.lock`, `tsconfig.json`, and `webpack.config.json`.
> 

Reviewer: Also false, we never redact secrets on the received files. Either they modify them before sending, but we are not doing this.
```suggestion
7. The project configuration files, with **redacted hardcoded secrets**, such as `serverless.yaml`, `package.json`, `package-lock.json`, `yarn.lock`, `tsconfig.json`, and `webpack.config.json`.

```

> <div class="alert alert-info">For more information about serverless flare, read the <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/master/src/commands/lambda/README.md#troubleshooting-serverless-instrumentation">serverless flare documentation</a>.</div>

Reviewer: Eithe replace `command` for `Datadog CI` or leave it as suggested.
```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">For more information about Serverless Flare, read the <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/master/src/commands/lambda/README.md#troubleshooting-serverless-instrumentation">command documentation</a>.</div>
```

Author: Agreed

For quick questions, post in the _#serverless_ channel of the [Datadog Slack community][11].

> If you have followed all the troubleshooting steps above and want help from [Datadog Support][12], use one of the following methods to send important configuration info to support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have followed all the troubleshooting steps above and want help from [Datadog Support][12], use one of the following methods to send relevant configuration information to support.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Serverless Flare" %}}
1. Create a [Zendesk ticket](https://help.datadoghq.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).
2. Download the latest version of the [Datadog CLI](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/#how-to-install-the-cli).

    ```sh
    npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    ```

> 3. Use the serverless flare command from the root of your project directory to automatically collect and submit data about your Lambda function to Datadog Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the Serverless Flare command from the root of your project directory to automatically collect and submit data about your Lambda function to Datadog Support.
```

    ```sh
    datadog-ci lambda flare -f <function_arn> -e <email> -c <case_id> --with-logs
    ```

<div class="alert alert-info">For more information about Serverless Flare, read the <a href="https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/master/src/commands/lambda/README.md#troubleshooting-serverless-instrumentation">command documentation</a>.</div>
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Manually" %}}

Create a [Zendesk ticket](https://help.datadoghq.com/hc/en-us/requests/new), and include the following information in your ticket:

> 1. Basic information about your Lambda function:ARN, runtime, handler, layers, environment variables, and tags. Focus on one function first if you have the same issue with many.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Basic information about your Lambda function: ARN, runtime, handler, layers, environment variables, and tags. Focus on one function first if you have the same issue with many.
```

> 2. If the Lambda function is configured to send data through logs using the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function, include basic information about the Forwarder Lambda function, as well as the subscription filters configured on your Lambda function's log group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. If the Lambda function is configured to send data through logs using the Datadog Forwarder, include basic information about the Forwarder Lambda function. Also, provide the subscription filters configured on your Lambda function's log group.
```
Breaking this sentence in two to get it under 25 words per our style.
